More observations:

Also, is landing altitude for pressurization on the list of future things to fix, or am I not using it properly? The cabin pressure always goes to sea level on descent, regardless of setting landing elevation to "manual" or FMS1 before takeoff. The airplane manual just says it should be set before takeoff, and it's a checklist item, but it doesn't seem to have any effect.

The behavior of the spoilers seems to depend on timing. If I trigger reverse thrust before the auto spoilers deploy, then the spoilers deploy along with the reverse thrust. But if I land and trigger the auto spoilers, and then command reverse thrust, the spoilers all come down.



In looking through the code I found a couple more things.

I remember reading this discussion about loading, where it was suggested that we can adjust both balance and amount of payload after starting a flight.
http://www.fseconomy.net/forum/xplane-10/5483-weight-adjustment#30246
My PC-12 empty weight is 200 lb heavier than what FSE expects, which means when I go to max payload in FSE, the plane is about 200 lb overweight in X-Plane. (The PC-12 is awesome and still flies pretty well, but it is noticeable) So I tried adjusting this, and I noticed that the plugin resets the payload along with its other flight checks.

Do we have to force the payload throughout the flight? Or is the correct way to handle this editing the aircraft with PlaneMaker to match the FSE info? (I have issues when I do that on the PC-12 but that's a separate deal) I was thinking we could set empty weight in the plugin, but decided you have to basically hard code empty weights for all planes, and hope the user's alias matches whatever is in the plugin. I wrote the code but it's just not a very good solution.

Back to the engine stuff:

The engine "feed" function takes an argument of "sec" which seems to represent the seconds since it last ran. But this is hard coded as "1", when called in the flight loop that happens to run every "1.0", which doesn't account for time acceleration. So if you are managing 6x time, the flight loop will run, and see 6 seconds added to your flight time, but only add 1 second to engine run time/damage totals. So while we are addressing damage, I think the damage function should apply the actual elapsed time.

I also saw that even though "runtime" is being added up for each engine (though it is affected by the issue I just discussed), we don't do anything with it. At the end of the flight, the total flight time is entered for every engine's runtime. I think this is a reasonable way to handle it, but I would like to change it if possible.

I don't know how the server handles the engine run times that are reported. Each plane on the site shows one "engine time" parameter, I don't know if that uses the engine time reported by the client (or how it would handle multi-engine airplanes), or if it is based off of the flight time since last overhaul. But if you run out of gas and glide in for a dead stick landing, technically engine time would be less than flight time. Not that I'm encouraging this ;)



I was looking at the offerings from X-Aviation and got disappointed all over again about how most of their products don't support Linux. So I did a Google search, and among the complaints about how they don't support Linux, I found a Facebook post that linked here.

So I read through some things here, and what I gather is this (please correct me if I am wrong): if I want to test Gizmo for Linux, I have to buy some plane that uses the Gizmo plugin. It may never work right or be officially supported (this is Gizmo development for testing with Linux, just because Gizmo supports Linux doesn't mean X-Aviation products will). If I want to test this beta, I have to be a developer...

Are there other options to help test? I'd love to see more Linux support, but I can imagine it's hard working on a plugin for Linux that nobody supports Linux for.
